When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

I feel using a remote repository aside from keeping work local is essential for
when you want to update to the remote repository from your local computer, or when someone wants to commit to your project from theirs.
By using a remote repository, it makes projects made within a group of developers much easier than doing it locally.

--------------------------------------

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than
having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

While having automatic, up-to-date pulls with the remote repository sounds better,
there are some drawbacks. One drawback would be doing pulls on an interval, but there
isn't anything to pull from the repository, i.e. there have been no commits. Doing pulls
manually helps to get you into the habit of making pulls from your repository to keep
your local data the same as on your GitHub repository.

--------------------------------------

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.
When would you use one instead of another?

Forks are GitHub's version of cloning; that is, when you want to make a clone of someone else's repository to use.
	With forking, this can only be done on GitHub.
Clones are git repositories you created from the original.
	With cloning, you can do it either in GitHub or in your local repository.
Branches are considered versions of your git repository that contain different code from the 'master' branch.
	Branching can be done in GitHub or in your local repository.

--------------------------------------

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

One benefit to having this copy is when you accidentally create a commit on the remote that showed up on your GitHub repo.
In this case, having the copy means you can revert back to that copy and push it to the remote copy on GitHub.

Plus, having your own copy saved locally means you have to watch out for merge conflicts
between updates on GitHub and updates on your local repository.

--------------------------------------

